The Phoenix Suns defeated the host Phoenix Suns , 111 - 106 , at Smoothie King Center on Friday . The Pelicans ( 16 - 32 ) checked in to Friday 's contest with a disappointing loss to the Pelicans ( 16 - 32 ) , but they were able to pull away in the second half . However , the Pelicans were able to pull away in the second half , outscoring the Suns by a 34 - 18 margin over the final 12 minutes . However , the Pelicans battled back in the second , outscoring the Pelicans by a 34 - 18 margin over the final 12 minutes . The Pelicans were led by Eric Bledsoe 's 14 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , five assists and a pair of blocks . Devin Booker was right behind him with 14 points , five assists , two rebounds and a steal . Marquese Chriss followed with 12 points , three rebounds , two assists , a steal and a block . PJ Tucker led the bench with 12 points , five rebounds , an assist and a steal . Phoenix was led by Eric Bledsoe 's 14 points , which he supplemented with seven rebounds , five assists , a steal and a block . Marquese Chriss followed with 12 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Marquese Chriss was productive in a reserve role as well with 14 points , three rebounds , two assists and a block . Phoenix was led by Brandon Knight 's 12 points , six assists , two rebounds and a pair of steals . Eric Bledsoe was right behind him with 14 points , seven assists , seven rebounds and a pair of blocks . Terrence Jones was next with a near double - double of 12 points , nine rebounds , six assists , two steals and a block . Buddy Hield led the second unit with 11 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . The Suns remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They head to Minnesota to take on the Timberwolves on Monday . Davis led the way for the Pelicans with 34 points , nine rebounds , an assist and five blocks . Jrue Holiday followed with 20 points , seven assists , four rebounds and three steals . Buddy Hield followed with 11 points , four assists , a rebound and a steal . Buddy Hield led the bench with 11 points , four assists , a rebound and a steal . The Pelicans remain in last place in the Western Conference 's Southwest Division . They remain home to face the Golden State Warriors on Monday .