The Houston Rockets defeated the Sacramento Kings , 117 - 104 , at Golden 1 Center on Saturday . The Rockets ( 10 - 6 ) came in to Saturday 's contest with a strong start to the season , but the Rockets ( 10 - 6 ) came in to Saturday 's contest with a 38 - point first quarter , and the Kings ( 6 - 10 ) were able to pull away in the second half . However , the Rockets ( 10 - 6 ) battled back to make it a one - point game at the end of the third quarter , but the Kings battled back to make it a one - point game at the end of the third quarter . However , the Kings were able to pull away in the fourth quarter , outscoring the Kings ( 6 - 10 ) by a 38 - 19 margin over the final 12 minutes . James Harden led the way for Houston with 23 points , nine rebounds , an assist and five blocks . Eric Gordon was next with 14 points , two rebounds , an assist and a steal . Clint Capela followed with 17 points , three rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Trevor Ariza was next with a double - double of 18 points , 10 rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . Trevor Ariza was next with a double - double of 18 points , 10 rebounds , three assists and two steals . Sam Dekker was productive in a reserve role as well with 17 points , three rebounds , three assists , two steals and two blocks . James Harden led the way for Houston with 23 points , nine rebounds , an assist and five blocks . Rudy Gay was next with 10 points , four rebounds , three assists and three steals . Darren Collison was next with a 18 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included four assists , two steals and a pair of blocks . Darren Collison was next with 18 points , four assists , three rebounds and two steals . Rudy Gay posted a 10 - point , 12 - rebound double - double that also included three assists , three steals and three blocks . Darren Collison led the bench with 18 points , four assists , three rebounds and two steals . The Rockets head back home to face off with the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday night , while the Kings remain home and await the Golden State Warriors on Saturday evening .