The Washington Wizards defeated the Brooklyn Nets , 114 - 110 , at Barclays Center on Saturday evening . The Wizards ( 31 - 21 ) have been mocked for some time for the " Trust the Process " slogan that has become associated with their run with the first - round win of the season . Washington was able to withstand a late rally from the Nets ( 9 - 21 ) in the first half of a back - to - back set , building a 31 - 22 lead after one quarter . However , the Wizards ( 31 - 44 ) regrouped at halftime and came out strong in the second quarter , outscoring the Nets by a 59 - 48 margin in the second half . The visitors were led by a pair of 23 - point efforts from John Wall and Bradley Beal , with the former adding 2 rebounds , two assists and two steals and the latter posting six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Marcin Gortat posted a 14 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included an assist , a steal and a block . Sean Kilpatrick led the second unit with 10 points , four rebounds and two assists . Bradley Beal led the way for Brooklyn with 31 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Otto Porter , Jr posted a 20 - point , 10 - rebound double - double that also included one assist and a steal . Rondae Hollis-Jefferson posted a 13 - point , 11 - rebound double - double that also included two assists and a steal . Jason Smith led the second unit with 15 points , eight rebounds and a steal . Sean Kilpatrick led the second unit with 10 points , four rebounds and two assists . Bradley Beal led the Nets with 31 points , six rebounds , two assists and two steals . Bojan Bogdanovic was next with 21 points , five rebounds , four assists and two steals . Marcin Gortat posted a 14 - point , 14 - rebound double - double that also included one assist , one steal and one block . Sean Kilpatrick led the second unit with 10 points , four rebounds and two assists . The Nets head back home to face off with the Detroit Pistons on Friday night , while the Nets remain home and await the Phoenix Suns on Friday evening as well .