The Houston Rockets defeated the Charlotte Hornets , 121 - 114 , at Toyota Center on Monday . The Rockets ( 31 - 9 ) have been mocked for some time for the " Trust the Process " slogan that has become associated with the win over the past two games . However , the Rockets ( 31 - 9 ) were able to pierce Houston 's armor Friday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 121 points . James Harden led the way for the Rockets with a game - high 40 points , which he supplemented with 10 assists and a pair of rebounds . Kemba Walker was right behind with 25 points , 10 assists , six rebounds , a steal and a block . Marvin Williams followed with 16 points , eight rebounds and a steal . Jeremy Lamb was productive in a reserve role as well with 11 points , five rebounds , four assists and a steal . Nene Hilario led the second unit with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , two steals and two blocks . James Harden led the Rockets with a 40 - point , 15 - assist double - double that also included 15 rebounds and one block . Frank Kaminsky III led the bench with 22 points , three rebounds and one assist . Marvin Williams followed with a 16 - point , eight - rebound double - double that also included one steal , one block and one steal . Ryan Anderson was next with 13 points , two rebounds , one assist and two steals . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 11 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal . Nene Hilario led the second unit with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , two blocks and one steal . Nene Hilario led the bench with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , one steal and one block . Nene Hilario led the bench with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , one steal and two blocks . Nene Hilario registered 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , two steals and two blocks , while Nene Hilario led the bench with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , one steal and two blocks . Nene Hilario led the bench with 10 points , five rebounds , one assist , two steals and two blocks , in 19 minutes off the bench . Kemba Walker paced the Rockets with a game - high 25 points , 10 assists , six rebounds , one steal and one block . Frank Kaminsky III led the bench with 22 points , three rebounds and one assist . Marvin Williams supplied 16 points , eight boards and one block . Jeremy Lamb led the second unit with 11 points , five rebounds , four assists and one steal .