The Houston Rockets defeated the New Orleans Pelicans , 122 - 100 , at Toyota Center on Friday evening . The Rockets ( 20 - 7 ) checked in to Monday 's contest with a golden opportunity to keep their faint playoff hopes alive , as the Pelicans ( 9 - 19 ) , while New Orleans ( 9 - 19 ) were able to pierce Houston 's armor Wednesday , touching up Gregg Popovich 's crew for a season - high 122 points . Houston was led by James Harden , who posted a 29 - point , 11 - assist double - double that also included 11 rebounds and a block . Gordon Davis followed with 19 points , five rebounds , three assists and a block . Trevor Ariza was next with a near double - double of 20 points , five rebounds , an assist and three steals . Buddy Hield was next with a bench - leading 11 points , which he supplemented with five rebounds , an assist and a block . Jrue Holiday contributed 11 points , five rebounds , an assist and a block . Alexis Ajinca paced the reserves with 20 points , five rebounds , an assist and a trio of steals . Buddy Hield and Jrue Holiday supplied a pair of 11 - point efforts , with the former adding five rebounds and one assist , and the latter supplying five rebounds , one assist and one block . Alexis Ajinca led the second unit with 20 points , five rebounds , one assist and three steals . Eric Gordon led the second unit with 29 points , one assist , one steal and one block . Trevor Ariza supplied 20 points , five boards , one assist and three steals . Buddy Hield led the second unit with 11 points , five rebounds and one assist . Alexis Ajinca led the second unit with 20 points , five rebounds , one assist and three steals . Cheick Diallo went for 10 points , seven rebounds , one assist and one block . Buddy Hield led the second unit with 11 points , five rebounds and one assist . Buddy Hield led the second unit with a season - high 29 points , along with one assist , one rebound and one steal . Jrue Holiday tallied a 11 - point , 1 - assist double - double that also included five rebounds and one block . Cheick Diallo tallied a 10 - point , 1 - assist double - double in 22 minutes off the bench . Buddy Hield tallied 11 points , five rebounds and one assist in 26 minutes .